aerie of eagles
aerie of hawks
ambush of tigers
army of ants
army of caterpillars
army of frogs
array of hedgehogs
ascension of larks
bale of turtles
band of coyotes
band of gorillas
band of jays
barren of mules
bed of oysters
bevy of deer
bevy of doves
bevy of otter
bevy of quail
bevy of swans
bob of seals
bouquet of pheasants
brood of chickens
brood of chicks
brood of hens
brood of turkeys
building of rooks
bury of conies
bury of rabbits
cartload of chimpanzees
cast of hawks
catch of fish
cete of badgers
charm of finches
charm of goldfinches
charm of hummingbirds
clamor of rooks
clan of hyenas
clash of bucks
cloud of gnats
clowder of cats
clutch of chicks
clutter of cats
colony of ants
colony of badgers
colony of frogs
colony of gulls
colony of penguins
colony of rabbits
colony of rats
colony of seals
colony of vultures
company of moles
company of parrots
congregation of birds
congregation of crocodiles
convocation of eagles
corps of giraffes
cote of doves
coterie of prairie dogs
cover of coots
covey of grouse
covey of partridges
covey of quail
crash of rhinoceri
crash of seals
cry of hounds
crèche of penguins
culture of bacteria
deceit of lapwings
destruction of cats
dissimulation of birds
dole of doves
dout of cats
down of hares
down of rabbits
down of sheep
dray of squirrels
drift of hogs
drift of swine
drove of cattle
drove of donkeys
drove of hares
drove of oxen
drove of pigs
drove of rabbits
drove of sheep
dule of doves
exaltation of larks
family of otter
farrow of pigs
flange of baboons
flight of bees
flight of birds
flight of cormorants
flight of doves
flight of pigeons
flush of ducks
fold of sheep
gaggle of geese
generation of vipers
glint of goldfish
grist of bees
group of guinea pigs
harem of seals
harras of horses
haul of fish
hedge of herons
herd of antelope
herd of boar
herd of buffalo
herd of cattle
herd of chamois
herd of chinchillas
herd of deer
herd of donkeys
herd of elephants
herd of elk
herd of giraffes
herd of gnus
herd of horses
herd of kangaroos
herd of llamas
herd of moose
herd of oxen
herd of pigs
herd of seals
herd of swans
herd of walruses
herd of whales
herd of wolves
herd of yaks
hive of bees
horde of gerbils
horde of gnats
horde of hamsters
horde of mice
horde of rats
host of sparrows
hover of trout
huddle of penguins
hurtle of sheep
husk of hares
husk of rabbits
implausibility of gnus
kendle of cats
kennel of dogs
kettle of hawks
kindle of cats
kine of cattle
knot of frogs
knot of toads
labor of moles
lead of foxes
leap of leopards
leash of deer
leash of foxes
leash of greyhounds
leash of hares
leash of rabbits
leep of leopards
lepe of leopards
litter of cats
litter of dogs
litter of kittens
litter of pigs
lounge of lizards
memory of elephants
mischief of mice
mischief of rats
mob of emus
mob of kangaroos
mob of wallabees
movement of moles
murmuration of starlings
muster of storks
mute of hounds
nest of mice
nest of pheasants
nest of rabbits
nest of vipers
nide of pheasants
nuisance of cats
nye of pheasants
pace of donkeys
pack of bears
pack of dogs
pack of grouse
pack of hounds
pack of mules
pack of rats
pack of weasels
pack of wolves
paddling of ducks
parade of elephants
parcel of deer
parcel of hogs
parcel of penguins
parliament of owls
party of jays
piteousness of doves
plague of locusts
plague of rats
plump of wildfowl
pod of dolphins
pod of porpoises
pod of seals
pod of walruses
pod of whales
pounce of cats
raft of ducks
raft of otter
rake of colts
rake of mules
richness of martens
romp of otter
rookery of penguins
rookery of seals
rout of wolves
route of wolves
run of fish
run of salmon
sault of lions
school of fish
school of porpoises
school of salmon
school of shark
school of whales
scold of jays
scurry of squirrels
sedge of bitterns
sedge of cranes
sedge of herons
shiver of shark
shoal of fish
shoal of pilchards
shoal of salmon
shrewdness of apes
siege of bitterns
siege of cranes
siege of herons
singular of boar
skein of geese
skein of goslings
skulk of foxes
sleuth of bears
sloth of bears
sneak of weasels
sord of mallards
sounder of boar
sounder of pigs
sounder of swine
sowse of lions
span of mules
span of oxen
stable of horses
storytelling of crows
storytelling of ravens
storytelling of rooks
streak of tigers
stud of mares
swarm of ants
swarm of bees
swarm of eels
swarm of flies
swarm of gnats
swarm of rats
team of cattle
team of ducks
team of horses
team of oxen
team of seals
tower of giraffes
trace of hares
trace of rabbits
tribe of baboons
troop of horses
troop of kangaroos
troop of lions
unkindness of ravens
volery of birds
wake of buzzards
walk of snipes
warren of hares
warren of rabbits
watch of nightingales
wedge of geese
wedge of swans
wisp of snipes
wrack of rabbits
yoke of cattle
yoke of oxen